1) What do you want to get out of this final project (besides the obvious, which is a good grade for the course)? Are there any skills you want to practice or improve at through this project experience?
2) What is your background? What skills can you bring to the final project?
3) What are your time constraints? When are you available to meet? When do you plan to be able to work on the project?
4) How do you prefer to be contacted? Email? Text? Slack? When do you want to be contacted? When do you not want to be contacted?

Alexander
1)
2)
3)
4)

Bailey
1) I would like to improve my teammwork(becoming a better teammate)and time management skills, and also polish the coding skills/concepts we have learned throughout the semester.
2) I don't have much background as this is only my third semester of taking ICS classes(changed majors), however I feel confident that I can help impact our group in a positive way.
3) Monday, Wednesday- Free after 12pm. Tuesday, Thursday Free after 1:15pm. Friday- Free after 4:30pm. Saturday, Sunday- Free all day. I'm able to work on the project at any time during the free times I gave above. 
4) In order of preference: Text > Slack > Email
   I prefer to be contacted between 10am-10pm any day of the week

Edward
1) Teamwork, a little bit of leadership, and better coding.
2) I major in computer science and I have lead a few class projects, before college. Majoring in computer science, I have a little knowledge coding in HTML, javascript, and CSS. I am also willing to take charge of the project, whenever I need to. 
3) I am not available on Tuesday or Thursday, unless there are no classes on those days. I am available all other days at most times, Wednesday starting at 1:30 PM. I plan to work whenever I can, mostly over the weekened.
4) I'm ok with being contacted after 6 PM on Tuesday and Thursday. After 1:30 on Wednesday. Anytime before 11 PM on any other day. No preferance in contact.

Julie
1) I am looking to improve on general application design and project management.
2) I am a CS major with no significant prior experience but I am willing to work hard on the project.
3) I am free MW ~1:30 and 4:15~, TTh ~12 and 2:45~, F ~1:30 and 2:45~, and SatSun
4) Text or Slack works for me. I am ok to be contacted pretty much anytime but I probably won't respond if it's 12 - 9 am.


Kristi
1) Teamwork, practice more about the coding skills.
2) I am good at design and art, so maybe I can help to make the work more beautiful. And also I am willing to learn more about the coding in javascript, css 
3) I am free MW afternoon, Friday and Sat and Sun
4) Slacks or message. I am ok to contact anytime.

